What we really want to happen is this sense of as we are getting the questions right, this will grow
right because we wanted to show like this right away, how do we do that?
Well, we understand that the width of this button, which it is a button because we just use it and
transformed it into something like that, OK?
The width of it here, it says, fill max width.
Well, what we want to do is we want to have some sort of a factory progress factory we can multiply
by.
And as we progress in our question answering our trivia, we want to grow that factor.
Because remember in our film max here for how over we can pass the fraction, which is the float that
is multiplied by, it's just a multiplier that will affect the size or the width of the entire button.
Because look, if I pass here, let's say I wanted 30 percent to 0.3 f like this, what's going to happen
now?
We're going to see this is going to be smaller.
The contents inside, right?
The gradient.
Voila!
There you go, you can see that.
So we are going to use that to our advantage.
But then you will realize the thing has to come to mind is that we have to have some sort of state,
right, so that as we click and say yes or select the correct answers and we go to the next question.
This also has to be growing.
Makes sense.
So can create another foul here.
We call Progress Factor.
It's going to be a remember and it's going to be driven by in this case, I'm going to have to pass
here the score value that we get because it is that as we increment the score, we're going to multiply
that by a certain factor so we can see this progress.
So here you can use any factory you want.
But I found that this very tiny factor is probably the best because the smaller the factor, the more
opportunities we're going to have to actually get this filled out by the time we finish with 4800 for
the 800 plus questions.
OK, so you can play around with this multiplier here, I'm going to say zero zero zero eight zero zero
five.
Affleck this actually my batch is going to be a score that's going to happen inside here.
So I see mutable state.
Of the value is going to be score.
Multiply that by zero nine zero zero five f like this?
And then it is progress factor that is what are we going to pass inside of our width?
The side of this button with.
That value.
Remember, we can always say buy like this also have to import a few things.
Like that, so that way, we don't have to go and say, I get value like that.
OK, so this is just a preference, as we have seen before.
So because the multiplier is really small, if air refreshes refresh this, it's not going to show anything.
What's going to be really, really small?
Actually, you can see a little bit, but once we put into our app, it should be very small.
OK.
There you have it.
Now let's see if this we can add this to our main question display.
So let's open up this again.
So where are we going to add that?
Well, we're going to add that at the top of our question question and out of there, right?
But what are we going to do?
Also, we want to put an if statement because people want to show it right away.
We want to show it the moment they get to a certain level.
OK, so let's come up here.
So we have the question tracker right here.
Before that, I'm going to put an if statement they will say.
The question index, not value is greater or equal to three I.
Then we're going to just show the progress, so we're going to wait for a bit until, ah, we have more
than three questions answered.
And for a score here, I'm going to score.
I'm going to just going to say question that value.
Question index.
Get the value.
So we're going to count the score by passing just the question index versus zero and as they continue.
We're going to increment one and so forth.
And again, you can change this to your liking, but this works for me.
All right.
Let's go ahead and run this an hour and a later.
OK, let's see.
Of course, nothing will show.
For a little bit.
While the moment we get to greater the three equal, greater the three right index, then we can see
a little bit is starting to show they're starting to grow.
All right.
As we keep going.
Whoops.
And there we go.
Well, it's working, all right, very good.
The next thing we want to do is this is just for play is that inside of our button because we noticed
that once we have that button, oh, what is it?
Let's go to our composable show progress.
That is, and you will see that now inside of this row scope.
Here we can pass some sort of text as a text, which is going to be our score.
So when I say text such and I say score, I'm going to actually multiply that to make it larger number
score, whatever we're getting.
And when I multiply that by 10, I can say that to a string.
So we are able to show in our text there and then let's say modifier shape inside is going to be a rounded
corner shape.
GDP.
And Max.
Max Height.
When I give it a fraction of about two zero zero zero eighty seven, I have.
Because I found that that's the correct number.
OK.
And.
Max with.
It's fine takes the whole with.
And let's give it a pattern.
About six deep such.
And people of color are going to make the text of white hopes.
Takes a line.
I'm going to say text a line, I want this to be in the middle of the screen.
All right.
Let's see.
Now, this is not going to show anything less refreshed because we will have to we'll have to change
our progress, just get rid of this for now.
So we can see what we just added.
OK, let's refresh once again, I think so you can see now at first is going to be hidden and ultimately
that's fine, just a little play that I'm doing here.
And then at some point these are going to start seeing their score.
OK.
Of course, you can change to whatever you want, but I just thought it would be really cool that you
score one reveal until you're far along.
All right.
So let's put it back the what we had here, so we have to progress.
Let's go ahead and run.
Let's try again.
OK, it's showing the same thing we had before, and I just know by now we're not going to be able to
see the actual text or the score until it's far along.
But now you know that everything is working and it's great right now as an exercise when users get it,
when users get the answer wrong.
I know that we have here this red read here, hear what it could do is you can actually subtract one
or two from their score that something will be a good exercise for you to do.
You can implement that.
All right.
So we're making really good progress here, ladies and gentlemen, and I hope that this inspires you
to go and make another application something similar or make this better because we have the data,
you have the mechanics, everything is there for you.
You can just go ahead and continue making this better.
One of the things that you could do as an exercise and exercise actually challenge is to see how can
you track, for instance, the score and save it right?
And also see if you could save the state of the questions.
Meaning if I get out of this app at this point, try to save the index so that next time they come back,
they can go back to where they left it off in this case in this question.
OK.
Not that that may require a little bit of digging, so go ahead and figure out how can you save small
pieces of data in this case, you just want to save the score.
And if you want to save the index when they leave the app so that next time they come back, they can
see their score and the score comes back, the score, the last score comes back.
But also what will come back is the index, which will be passed onto the list so they can see the question
where they left off.
OK.
Take your time.
You may take a little while, but you can do it.